well hello my ghouls and goblins
i know you've got your costumes picked
out for the frightful festivities
and i hope you all get more treats than
tricks
i don't need your partners
is he a good guy hubie dubois is the
nicest guy
in this town here's some happy halloween
word churches you've been passing out to
the kids
thank you so much
as a trained volunteer i know what it's
like when your spooky friend gets out of
[Applause]
the hand is selling expired bacon janet
at the library has not been herself
lately i heard a voice in the sewer
i'm sorry i didn't recognize him
it's pretty impressive how long he's
been a loser
a salem tradition you gotta expect a
scare here or there
there's something off in this town
is that you
oh no
salem pd yeah
faces look good shalom needs me what are
you going to do mr dubois
we're going to do every october 31st
make sure every city
is protected no one is saying let me
save tonight
would you lose your thermos oh that'll
never happen
anyway we got a soft mystery here oh
man i know who did you not now you be
mayor i suggest we cancel halloween
immediately we ain't catching that damn
thing
this is some dateline nbc
you're the best person i know that's why
you're a hero
[Music]
hello
help me love it help me help me
you